Hello everyone, I am here to talk to
you about enterprise accessibility.
I'm your instructor, Marcy Sutton Todd,
and I'm really thrilled to tell you
everything I know about more advanced
levels of accessibility for tech leads.
Really anyone who's at a more senior level
who wants to know how to incorporate
accessibility at organizations
of medium to larger sizes.
So we have our materials available on
GitHub, I've shared them in the chat, you
can find them on my GitHub, Marcy Sutton,
Frontend Masters Enterprise Accessibility.
It's sort of optional,
if you want to check these out and
build them locally, you can.
The exercises are all in there.
So let's take a little
tour of our setup today.
So here we are in GitHub.
I have this cloned locally
in my text editor VS code.
So I'll be jumping back and forth
between the browser and the text editor.
And most of the time we'll be
looking at the site in the browser.
So let's dive in.
Just to start, I'll tell you
a little bit about who I am and
how did I get into this.
So, I'm Marcy,
I started as a web developer and
really found accessibility mattered to me,
once I learned about it,
I met people with disabilities on
the job and it changed my whole world.
And so, my hope for you in this course, if
you haven't already gotten that spark and
that light bulb of, whoa,
accessibility is really important.
I hope to open that door for you today,
especially as tech leads and
people in influential roles.
You can turn other coworkers and
colleagues into champions and
make an impact.
It's like that's what today is all about,
is seeing what opportunities we can
find to improve accessibility and
really pushing the needle wherever
we can in a sustainable manner, but
we can make a difference,
especially as tech leads.
So let's talk about what things
do you need to watch out for,
what types of tools and
techniques will come in handy.
So we have a lot to cover today,
let's dive in.
So, we're gonna go through all kinds of
things, all kinds of reasons to care about
accessibility, how to
convince stakeholders.
Cuz there's different persuasive
arguments you could make depending on
who you're talking to or
what jobs you're trying to complete.
We'll get into more
tactical things as well and
we'll get pretty technical later on.
But I think we can break accessibility
down into smaller parts and
I wanna start with
minimum viable products.
So MVPs, which you may or
may not work in an agile life cycle or
that style of working, but
I think there are lessons that we can take
from the minimum viable product
concept to apply to accessibility.
We'll dig into accessible user interfaces,
what makes an accessible user interface
at least, as much as we can fit in today.
We'll talk about screen readers and Aria,
and what goes into accessible names,
and how to make user interfaces that work
with assistive technologies like screen
readers, and
we'll get really technical with that.
We'll dive into accessibility
in JavaScript applications,
which has been a passion topic of mine for
a long time,
because there are so many
JavaScript-heavy applications out there.
Many of them don't have accessibility
built into them, or they have kind of
mixed levels of it, and I've always seen
that as an opportunity for improvement.
So it's like, well, people are building
it, let's make those accessible.
So we'll talk about some unique aspects
of accessibility and JavaScript apps.
We'll look at test automation for
accessibility, kind of where
accessibility can slot into your different
test suites and different tools.
And then we'll get more, I guess, soft
skills is how we describe this sometimes,
but organizational skill building.
So who do you have to convince?
What are we really doing this for, also?
To put an emphasis on the work
that we do with accessibility for
the rights of people with disabilities.
And then we'll wrap up for the day.
So, I'm excited, and
thanks for being here.